  Hello! Thank you for visiting jayscovidgraphs.com. The concept here is simple: My name is Jay, and these are my COVID graphs.
  I created these graphs to help show a state’s progress through the coronavirus pandemic, and how close states may be to reopening. Most governors are looking for a consecutive number of days of declines in new daily infections, hospitalizations, ICU patients, and deaths to determine when they should begin reopening their state. I take some of these indicators and make them into the graphs hosted here.
  Each state has one picture file containing two graphs. The blue graph on the left shows the number of new daily reported cases. The red graph on the right shows the number of new daily reported deaths. The cases and deaths graphs have black lines on them, trends using a locally weighted regression. The same y-axis scale is used across all states to make comparing states easy. 
  What makes these graphs different from many other graphs floating around showing COVID statistics is that these graphs look at new tests, cases, deaths, and vaccines PER 100,000 RESIDENTS. This is to remove the population of states as a reason they may have more cases. For example, 100 new cases in California would mean very few Californians contracted coronavirus that day, because California is the most populous state in the nation. On the other hand, 100 new cases in Montana would mean there was a huge outbreak of cases, because Montana has very few people. This should make comparing outbreaks between states easier.
  These graphs have data from March 2020 through March 2023, when John’s Hopkins University was supplying the data. They have stopped updating their data, so these graphs stand here static now.
I hope you found my graphs useful. If you have any questions or comments, feel free to reach out to me at jaywestreich.com
